docs: update README.md (#48423)
angular/angular: README.md

> <h1 align="center">Angular - The modern web developer's platform</h1>

Reviewer: per our recent update to the [landing page](https://angular.io)
```suggestion
<h1 align="center">Angular - The web development framework for building the future</h1>
```
